🚀Release To Preview (#45)
KinsonDigital/BranchValidator: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.2.md

    - `IAction`
    - `IArgParsingService`
    - `NullOrEmptyStringArgumentException`
    - `IActionOutputService`
    - `ActionOutputService`
    - `GitHubConsoleService`
    - `AppService`
    - `ArgParsingService`
    - `ConsoleService`
    - `IAppService`
    - `IConsoleService`
2. [#10](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/10) - Added URL in the GitHub console output.
    - This URL is a link to the project's create issue page.

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Bug Fixes 🐛</h2>

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Breaking Changes 🧨</h2>

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Internal Changes ⚙️</h2>
<h5 align="center">(Changes that do not affect users.  Not breaking changes, new features, or bug fixes.)</h5>

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Nuget/Library Updates 📦</h2>

1. [#12](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/12) - Added nuget package **KinsonDigital.KDActionUtils** version **v1.0.0-preview.1**.

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Other 🪧</h2>
<h5 align="center">(Includes anything that does not fit into the categories above)</h5>

> 1. [#5](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/5) - Create logo for project.
>     - Create light and dark mode versions of the project logo.

Reviewer: Grammar - updated to use past tense on both 'create' words.
```suggestion
1. [#5](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/5) - Created logo for project.
    - Created light and dark mode versions of the project logo.
```

    - Added logo to the top of the project README file.
2. [#18](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/18) - Updated and added issue and PR templates to the project.
3. [#16](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/16) - Added code of conduct file to the project.
4. [#23](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/23) - Fixed `release-todo-issue-template.yml` by removing character artifacts that were preventing the template from working properly.

> 4. [#9](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/9) - Updated the name of the GitHub action from `BranchValidator` to `Branch Validator`

Reviewer: Re-number items.  There are two "4's"

    - This will make it a little more intuitive when searching for actions in the marketplace
5. [#28](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CASL/issues/28) - Updated the `release-todo-issue-template.yml` file.
    - Added a new item to the **Perform Release ToDo List** section to check that the PR is approved and merged.
    - Bolded a section of the last item in the **Perform Release ToDo List** section.
6. [#27](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CASL/issues/27) - Added branching documentation with branching documents.
7. [#30](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CASL/issues/30) - Updated project readme.

>     - Added a note explaining wny the action must be ran in Ubuntu with some links to some GitHub documentation resources.

Reviewer: spelling/grammar
```suggestion
    - Added a note explaining why the action must run in Ubuntu with some links to some GitHub documentation resources.
```

8. [#35](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CASL/issues/35) - Updated the `preview-feature-pr-template.md` pull request template file.
    - Rearranged the order of 2 tasks items.

> 9. [#38](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/38) - Improve project README.

Reviewer: grammar - use past tense
```suggestion
9. [#38](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/38) - Improved project README.
```

> 10. [#41](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/41) - Made various improvements to the pull request templates by adding 2 new tasks as well as rearranging the order of of the tasks.  List of pull request template updated below:

Reviewer: Remove the extra "of" and added "s" to template.
```suggestion
10. [#41](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/BranchValidator/issues/41) - Made various improvements to the pull request templates by adding 2 new tasks as well as rearranging the order of the tasks.  List of pull request templates updated below:
```
